This time I really liked your intent. You were gentle on Hinduism; "Even Hinduism..". There is an admission I see, that, you have this respect for Hinduism that is the last religion to have a shady past. Well this time I might agree with you partially (may not be in the direction you might like).

A country as old as India will sure have a shady past. How it cannot, invasions after invasions, looting and plundering cultural dilution and racism, destruction of sacred places, raping killing; She has taken them all many many times over. Yet she survives and manages to not only to preserve but REFORM her culture to more vibrant levels, more spiritual (than religious).

As a Hindu we seek not worship, we commune not pray, we feel not see GOD, because GOD is (as Satguru says ) a Yantra, a conception we create to better our spiritual journey and understand humanity, improve it as we go. Hinduism is a spiritual way of life, not religious. But until our legal systems can address something as abstract as this, we have to call it as it is mentioned in the constitution. Just conforming for the majority of the world.  

I know you were referring to the 'caste system' as the shady past. Every perceivable evil including Sati came from this divide. Here is an excerpt I wrote on this very same comment thread 

" The Vedic social system says about balance of a society for self sufficiency. There should be people to do all jobs and no job is above any. Still the teacher and the warrior and administrators were more respected by all. This is the original caste system ...not by birth rather by profession and eminence and skill of a person. When Indian system was perturbed after CE 1000. The invaders looted the wealth of the economy creating the social classes of rich and poor which eroded to social evils such as thefts and crime. Until then India never had rich and poor since all of them had what they needed. There was no need for more. The only ambition until then is self improvement and nothing else. Competition was for entertainment and not living. This was the social categorisation based on profession not birth ...but some time since the British rule most such professions lost identity and became "lower classes" since they lost their livelihood and respect thanks to the taxation and economic policies of the British. "    

Now for the Election. The people are not mindless robots or neither are they corporate bosses to take emotion less decisions. Every election every where, people vote based on confidence and emotion. I don't understand this point on winning an election 'emotionally', as if it was an emotional black mail. This justification is as non falsifiable as it is preposterous. 

I am not a fan of Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, but she was not elected by the people for her good graces and golden oratory. She was elected to help form a BJP government by some and others on the basis of the sympathy for her incarceration on a case that was never proved after the hype and calling her the 'hindu terrorist'. So what she say, can't really matter. You can call this any thing (like Modi wave etc..)

And I don't believe every one is communal. Some are inclusive. The irony is that people who have parties with clear religious names and objectives, are the ones batting for secularism, using it against the majority community.        

The next is about Kashmir insurgency. THIS IS WAR. You can't take a grey stand when you are facing an insurgent army. The option is just two 1. fight or 2. don't fight. It is black and white. 

What is the point in saying "Oh!! so many children were orphaned and many civilians died in the second world war in Poland". Yes it is true, every one wants this. But Germany invaded and conquered Poland. So who's fault are you implying here. 

Kashmir has been conflict ridden since 1989 when the insurgency peaked followed by the Hindu exodus and many many massacres. How can this not be WAR!. Yes it is unfortunate but claiming and WINNING is not going to solve it. I hope you will reconsider the idea of PRIVILEGE as being NOT born in such harsh place where you can be traumatised at childhood, as you were born amidst a war. 

The truth right now is some where in the middle. India govern could have nipped them in the start, but no such government with the SPINE to curb it came to power until now. Modi is not divisive.. he is DECISIVE one of the many reasons I find him appealing.

Contradictions again. I am missing the point here again. You say you support and appreciate CRPF but then says it resulted in a lot of suffering?? What do you want to imply here? They are NOT FINDING (hope this is not a typo) TERRORISTS THEY ARE FIGHTING THEM. I hope you can understand COLLATERAL DAMAGE. They are not hurting those people, the terrorists are. Are you implying otherwise. 

The victims are the sorrow of India, Security forces and civilians alike. BUT NOW THIS IS A THING OF THE PAST. It is not happening now in maya Kashmir.